README.md, before:

# 1p Challenge Calculator

A production-ready web app for the **1p Accumulator / Penny Challenge** savings plan. Calculate deposits for any date range, month, or custom period—with Monzo branding, mobile-first design, and optional account saving.

## Setup

```bash
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local
# Edit .env.local with your values
npm run db:generate
npm run db:push
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Production Stack

- **Cloudflare Workers** – Deployment via OpenNext adapter
- **Neon PostgreSQL** – Database (auth + saved states)
- **Auth.js (NextAuth v5)** – Magic link email auth (Resend)
- **Prisma** – ORM
- **Zod** – Validation
- **Tailwind + shadcn** – UI

## Environment Variables

| Variable | Required | Description |
|----------|----------|-------------|
| `AUTH_SECRET` | Yes (prod) | `openssl rand -base64 32` |
| `AUTH_URL` | Yes (prod) | Full URL of your site |
| `DATABASE_URL` | Yes (prod) | Neon pooled connection string |
| `DIRECT_URL` | Yes (prod) | Neon direct connection string |
| `AUTH_RESEND_KEY` | Yes (prod) | Resend API key |
| `AUTH_RESEND_FROM` | No | Sender email (default: Resend onboarding) |

## How the Math Works

- **Day 1** = 1p, **Day k** = k pence  
- **Sum days a to b:** (b(b+1) − (a−1)a) / 2 pence  
- **364 days:** £664.30 | **365 days:** £667.95  
- Integer pence only—no floats

## Features

- **3 modes:** Next N days, Month, Custom range  
- **Anonymous:** Use immediately with localStorage  
- **Account:** Sign in via magic link to save states to DB  
- **Save/Load:** Up to 10 saved states per user  
- **PWA:** Installable on mobile  

## Deployment (Cloudflare)

1. Create a Neon project and get `DATABASE_URL` + `DIRECT_URL`.
2. Create a Resend account, verify domain, get API key.
3. In Cloudflare Workers Build:
   - Build command: `npm run build:cf`
   - Output: `.open-next`
   - Set env vars: `AUTH_SECRET`, `AUTH_URL`, `DATABASE_URL`, `DIRECT_URL`, `AUTH_RESEND_KEY`
4. Deploy:
   ```bash
   npm run deploy
   ```
   Or connect GitHub to Workers Build for CI/CD.

## Cursor Rules

Project-specific AI rules in `.cursor/rules/`:

- `design.mdc` – UI and design system
- `database.mdc` – Prisma and DB
- `schema.mdc` – Validation
- `middleware.mdc` – Auth and security headers
- `frontend.mdc` – React components
- `backend.mdc` – API routes
- `deployment.mdc` – Cloudflare
- `security.mdc` – Security baseline (always apply)

## Scripts

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run dev` | Start dev server |
| `npm run build` | Next.js build |
| `npm run build:cf` | Cloudflare build |
| `npm run deploy` | Deploy to Cloudflare |
| `npm run db:generate` | Generate Prisma client |
| `npm run db:push` | Push schema to DB |
| `npm run test` | Unit tests |
| `npm run test:e2e` | Playwright E2E |

## Security

- Zod validation on all input
- Rate limiting on /api/save and /api/saved
- Security headers (CSP, X-Frame-Options, etc.)
- No secrets in client; env vars only
- Prisma for parameterized queries
- Auth.js for secure session

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Enhance deployment documentation and add GitHub Actions workflow for Cloudflare. The README now includes notes on deploying from Windows and detailed steps for using GitHub Actions, while the new workflow automates deployment to Cloudflare, addressing WASM path issues on Windows.

README.md, after:

# 1p Challenge Calculator

A production-ready web app for the **1p Accumulator / Penny Challenge** savings plan. Calculate deposits for any date range, month, or custom period—with Monzo branding, mobile-first design, and optional account saving.

## Setup

```bash
npm install
cp .env.example .env.local
# Edit .env.local with your values
npm run db:generate
npm run db:push
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Production Stack

- **Cloudflare Workers** – Deployment via OpenNext adapter
- **Neon PostgreSQL** – Database (auth + saved states)
- **Auth.js (NextAuth v5)** – Magic link email auth (Resend)
- **Prisma** – ORM
- **Zod** – Validation
- **Tailwind + shadcn** – UI

## Environment Variables

| Variable | Required | Description |
|----------|----------|-------------|
| `AUTH_SECRET` | Yes (prod) | `openssl rand -base64 32` |
| `AUTH_URL` | Yes (prod) | Full URL of your site |
| `DATABASE_URL` | Yes (prod) | Neon pooled connection string |
| `DIRECT_URL` | Yes (prod) | Neon direct connection string |
| `AUTH_RESEND_KEY` | Yes (prod) | Resend API key |
| `AUTH_RESEND_FROM` | No | Sender email (default: Resend onboarding) |

## How the Math Works

- **Day 1** = 1p, **Day k** = k pence  
- **Sum days a to b:** (b(b+1) − (a−1)a) / 2 pence  
- **364 days:** £664.30 | **365 days:** £667.95  
- Integer pence only—no floats

## Features

- **3 modes:** Next N days, Month, Custom range  
- **Anonymous:** Use immediately with localStorage  
- **Account:** Sign in via magic link to save states to DB  
- **Save/Load:** Up to 10 saved states per user  
- **PWA:** Installable on mobile  

## Deployment (Cloudflare)

**Note:** Deploying from Windows can fail with `resvg.wasm?module` errors (WASM path handling). Use GitHub Actions (recommended) or WSL.

### Option A: GitHub Actions (recommended)

1. Push your repo to GitHub.
2. Add these **repository secrets** (Settings → Secrets and variables → Actions):
   - `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` – from [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/profile/api-tokens) (Create Token → Edit Cloudflare Workers)
   - `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` – from Workers & Pages → Overview → Account ID
   - `AUTH_SECRET`, `AUTH_URL`, `DATABASE_URL`, `DIRECT_URL`, `AUTH_RESEND_KEY`, `AUTH_RESEND_FROM`
3. Push to `main` – the workflow deploys automatically.

### Option B: Local deploy (WSL or Mac/Linux)

1. Create a Neon project and get `DATABASE_URL` + `DIRECT_URL`.
2. Create a Resend account, verify domain, get API key.
3. In Cloudflare Workers Build:
   - Build command: `npm run build:cf`
   - Output: `.open-next`
   - Set env vars: `AUTH_SECRET`, `AUTH_URL`, `DATABASE_URL`, `DIRECT_URL`, `AUTH_RESEND_KEY`
4. Deploy:
   ```bash
   npm run deploy
   ```
   Or connect GitHub to Workers Build for CI/CD.

## Cursor Rules

Project-specific AI rules in `.cursor/rules/`:

- `design.mdc` – UI and design system
- `database.mdc` – Prisma and DB
- `schema.mdc` – Validation
- `middleware.mdc` – Auth and security headers
- `frontend.mdc` – React components
- `backend.mdc` – API routes
- `deployment.mdc` – Cloudflare
- `security.mdc` – Security baseline (always apply)

## Scripts

| Command | Description |
|---------|-------------|
| `npm run dev` | Start dev server |
| `npm run build` | Next.js build |
| `npm run build:cf` | Cloudflare build |
| `npm run deploy` | Deploy to Cloudflare |
| `npm run db:generate` | Generate Prisma client |
| `npm run db:push` | Push schema to DB |
| `npm run test` | Unit tests |
| `npm run test:e2e` | Playwright E2E |

## Security

- Zod validation on all input
- Rate limiting on /api/save and /api/saved
- Security headers (CSP, X-Frame-Options, etc.)
- No secrets in client; env vars only
- Prisma for parameterized queries
- Auth.js for secure session

## License

MIT
